Mention experiment setup prerequisites for getting an SDK assignment (#51)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/feature-flagging/randomization-sdk/server-sdks/python.md

### 4. Assign Experiment Variations

The SDK requires two inputs to assign a variation:
- `experiment_key` - this should be the same as the “Experiment Key” field of an Eppo experiment
- `subject_key` - the entity ID that is being experimented on, typically represented by a uuid.

The SDK will assign an experiment variation if the following conditions are met:
1. The experiment must be configured to use Eppo's randomization:
![use-eppo-randomization](../../../../static/img/connecting-data/UseEpposRandomization.png)

> 2. The experiment must be started **OR** the `subjectKey` passed to the SDK must be added to one of its variation allow lists

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
2. The experiment must be started **OR** the `subject_key` passed to the SDK must be added to one of its variation allow lists
```
